Transforms: Add 'Format String' Transform (#73624)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/index.md

Use this transformation to format the output of a time field. Output can be formatted using (Moment.js format strings)[https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/]. For instance, if you would like to display only the year of a time field the format string `YYYY` can be used to show the calendar year (e.g. 1999, 2012, etc.).

### Format string

> {{< docs/experimental product="transformation" featureFlag="formatString" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< docs/experimental product="transformation" featureFlag="`formatString`" >}}
```

Use this transformation to format the output of a time field. Output can be formatted using (Moment.js format strings)[https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/]. For instance, if you would like to display only the year of a time field the format string `YYYY` can be used to show the calendar year (e.g. 1999, 2012, etc.).

### Format string

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}
> This transformation can be enabled using the `formatString` feature toggle.
> {{% /admonition %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< docs/experimental product="transformation" featureFlag="formatString" >}}
```

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}
> This transformation is available in Grafana 10.2+ and can be enabled using the `formatString` feature toggle.
> {{% /admonition %}}

Reviewer: One thing I missed here; we don't need to say this is available in the 10.2 docs because this will first appear in the 10.2 docs. Is this available in Cloud (and thus requires Support to enable the feature for Cloud)? If so there's some standard language I can add here for that. 
```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
This transformation can be enabled using the `formatString` feature toggle.
{{% /admonition %}}
```

Reviewer 2: @imatwawana yes, this should be available for cloud aswell!

Use this transformation to format the output of a string field. You can format output in the following ways:

- Upper case - Formats the entire string in upper case characters.
- Lower case - Formats the entire string in lower case characters.
- Sentence case - Formats the the first character of the string in upper case.
- Title case - Formats the first character of each word in the string in upper case.
- Pascal case - Formats the first character of each word in the string in upper case and doesn't include spaces between words.

> - Camel case - Formats the first character of each word in the string in upper case, except the first word, and doesn't includes spaces between words.

Reviewer: Small typo fix (probably that I introduced!)
```suggestion
- Camel case - Formats the first character of each word in the string in upper case, except the first word, and doesn't include spaces between words.
```

Reviewer 2: I should've double checked. Thank you for catching it!

Use this transformation to format the output of a time field. Output can be formatted using (Moment.js format strings)[https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/]. For instance, if you would like to display only the year of a time field the format string `YYYY` can be used to show the calendar year (e.g. 1999, 2012, etc.).

### Format string

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> This transformation is available in Grafana 10.2+ and can be enabled through the `formatString` feature toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transformation is available in Grafana 10.2+ and can be enabled using the `formatString` feature toggle.
```

{{% /admonition %}}

> Use this transformation to format the output of a string field. Output can be formatted using various ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this transformation to format the output of a string field. You can format output in the following ways:
```

> - Upper case - formats the string to have all characters in upper case
> - Lower case - formats the string to have all characters in lower case
> - Sentence case - formats the string to have the first character in upper case
> - Title case - formats the string to have the first character of each word in upper case
> - Pascal case - formats the string to have the first character of each word in upper case and no spaces
> - Camel case - formats the string to have no spaces and the first character of each word in upper case, except the first word
> - Snake case - formats the string to have all characters in lower case and underscores instead of spaces
> - Kebab case - formats the string to have all characters in lower case and dashes instead of spaces
> - Trim - removes all leading and trailing spaces from the string
> - Substring - returns a substring of the string, using the specified start and end positions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upper case - Formats the entire string in upper case characters.
- Lower case - Formats the entire string in lower case characters.
- Sentence case - Formats the the first character of the string in upper case.
- Title case - Formats the first character of each word in the string in upper case.
- Pascal case - Formats the first character of each word in the string in upper case and doesn't include spaces between words.
- Camel case - Formats the first character of each word in the string in upper case, except the first word, and doesn't includes spaces between words.
- Snake case - Formats all characters in the string in lower case and uses underscores instead of spaces between words.
- Kebab case - Formats all characters in the string in lower case and uses dashes instead of spaces between words.
- Trim - Removes all leading and trailing spaces from the string.
- Substring - Returns a substring of the string, using the specified start and end positions.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you @imatwawana for the review!
